[Music]
yeah jump in
jump in pete davidson his father was a
fireman who lost his life on
9 11. so it seemed like the toughest
thing that you could do
to pete or pete's character is force him
to be
at a firehouse that this was what he had
been avoiding for a very
long time i don't go to the firehouse
like i had to hang out with those boys
again
seeing that in person was a lot i could
tell you how i feel about farming but i
don't think you guys want to hear my
opinion
no i want to hear if you're a fireman
just don't have kids or a family at all
okay so that way you don't crush them
when you don't come home that one time
i think that's what the movie became
about a character understanding why his
father
was willing to risk his life for other
people it's necessary in the world
there are those people who are there for
everybody i did feel that way
and this movie made me feel differently
towards it
we're gonna be fine they got this yeah
yeah i know
we knew that we wanted the firemen and
women
to seem real so about half of them
act and work at firehouse and that
helped a lot
and then pete's dad's best friend is a
man named john sorrentino
who was a consultant on the film but we
also hired him to be
one of the firemen and you want to start
up towards the ceiling in a circular
motion
and then sweep the floor we hired steve
buscemi to be the
elder at the firehouse steve buscemi was
a firefighter for four years which i
didn't know
and what was so cool was watching him
know what to do
i just watched the way he hooked the
hose up to the truck and that muscle
memory was there
judge said he would love all the fire
scenes you know whether it's in the
firehouse guys talking fighting a fire
said he would love the fire scenes
to be as authentic as possible we're in
the firehouse
yeah this is this is exactly what goes
on in a firehouse there was a ball
breaking in there that i related to
immediately bill's like the closest
thing to a real fireman he's got the
ball breaking down i would have said no
to this
i knew he was going to be this happy
just a fragile actor
this crew that they pick they do act
like firefighters when they're together
there's a closeness
[Laughter]
oh did you see that i heard it
watch the replay
you definitely got the spirit of the
house by shooting in the house
they bond and have fun but they really
care about the firehouse and keeping it
clean and taking care of each other
he's doing a good job why don't we have
to clean this thing anyway when you're
trying to show up all sexy to a fire
i like them it's a real brotherhood
they're real brothers
the whole movie we thought we have to do
right by all those firefighters you have
to make a movie that respects them
that they would enjoy that they would
feel understood that was the goal
what we showed is the brotherhood but
when the bell rings
it's time to go and i think we really
got in depth about
what it's like to be a fire
[Music]
you